(For transparancy my theroy background has come from websites such as Tryhackme, Hackthebox and primarly for progamming: Codecademy. for actually building my projects have levraged my own knowldge, Youtube and diffrent AI apps to create, debug, analyse, and style my portfolio)

hi, welcome to my portfolio, here is a space i have created to upload more of my projects that ill continue to work on to improve my ablities as a software engineer. 

the main portfolio folder i have included contaians the contents of a website i have depolyed via Vercel. to do this i had to learn more about what Git, Github, Next.js, React, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS and Vercel were all about. To do this i first researcherd around social media and google to see what junior devleopers have already made. from this i found a user who had created a website that contains projects he had made which i liked the look and idea of. From this it led me onto digging deeper about how the website was created and howe could i create my own! 

im finding by creating these projects im applying more what ive learned in theory and seeing it in real world examples. Before creating this project i had never been exposed to Next.js, React, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS and Vercel. after using them all to build a website ive gained much more information and exposure to new tools.
Before i could get started i had to download a few things and that was Node and Git. i hadnt realised before that node is basically the package that allows you to run comands such as npm it gives you the ability to use Next.js and React.
After using Next.js ive learnt thats its great for doing all of the "boring" bits it takes to make a site. it also handles the running of a local server, and the heavy lifting of getting a website to actully run and work with React. 
